Added blog post about the upcoming Contributor Summit Shanghai. (#14782)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2019-06-11-contributor-summit-shanghai.md

---
layout: blog
title: 'Join us at the Contributor Summit in Shanghai'
date: 2019-06-11
---

**Author**: Josh Berkus (Red Hat)

![Picture of contributor panel at 2018 Shanghai contributor summit.  Photo by Josh Berkus, licensed CC-BY 4.0](/images/blog/2019-
06-11-contributor-summit-shanghai/panel.png)

> For the second year, we will have [a Contributor Summit event](https://www.lfasiallc.com/events/contributors-summit-china-2019/) the day before [KubeCon China](https://events.linuxfoundation.cn/events/kubecon-cloudnativecon-china-2019/) in Shanghai. If you already contribute to Kubernetes or would like to contribute, please consider attending and [register](https://www.lfasiallc.com/events/contributors-summit-china-2019/register/). The Summit will be held June 24th, at the Shanghai Expo Center (the same location where KubeCon will take place), and will include a Current Contributor Day as well as the New Contributor Workshop and the Documentation Sprints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the second year, we will have [a Contributor Summit event](https://www.lfasiallc.com/events/contributors-summit-china-2019/) the day before [KubeCon China](https://events.linuxfoundation.cn/events/kubecon-cloudnativecon-china-2019/) in Shanghai. If you have already contributed to Kubernetes or would like to contribute, please consider attending and [register](https://www.lfasiallc.com/events/contributors-summit-china-2019/register/). The Summit will be held on June 24th, at the Shanghai Expo Center (the same exact location where KubeCon will take place), and will include a Current Contributor Day, the New Contributor Workshop, and the Documentation Sprints.
```

Author: Same as above.  The original sentence is more "natural".

### Current Contributor Day

> After last year's Contributor Day, our team received feedback that many of our contributors in Asia and Oceania would like content for current contributors as well. As such, we have added a Current Contributor track to the schedule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After last year's Contributor Day, our team received some feedback that many of our contributors in Asia and Oceania would like contents for current contributors as well. 
As such, we have added a Current Contributor track to the schedule.
```

Author: Doesn't work in idiomatic English, I'm afraid.

Reviewer: ok. 😃

While we do not yet have a full schedule up, the topics covered in the current contributor track will include:

> * How to write a KEP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* How to write a KEP (Kubernetes Enhancement Proposal)
```

* Codebase and repository review
* Local Build & Test troubleshooting session
* Guide to Non-Code Contribution opportunities

> * SIG-Azure face-to-face

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* SIG-Azure face-to-face meeting
```

> * SIG-Scheduling face-to-face

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* SIG-Scheduling face-to-face meeting
```

* Other SIG face-to-face meetings as we confirm them

The schedule will be on [the Community page](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/events/2019/06-contributor-summit) once it is complete.

If your SIG wants to have a face-to-face meeting at Kubecon Shanghai, please contact [Josh Berkus](mailto:jberkus@redhat.com).

### New Contributor Workshop

Students at [last year's New Contributor Workshop](/blog/2018/12/05/new-contributor-workshop-shanghai/) (NCW) found it to be extremely valuable, and the event helped to orient a few of the many Asian and Pacific developers looking to participate in the Kubernetes community.

> > "It's a one-stop-shop for becoming familiar with the community," said one participant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> "It's a one-stop-shop for becoming familiar with the community." said one participant.
```

If you have not contributed to Kubernetes before, or have only done one or two things, please consider [enrolling](https://www.lfasiallc.com/events/contributors-summit-china-2019/register/) in the NCW.

> "Got to know the process from signing CLA to PR and made friends with other contributors." said another.

### Documentation Sprints

> Both old and new contributors on our Docs Team will spend a day both improving our documentation and translating it into other languages. If you are interested in having better documentation, fully internationalized into Chinese and other languages, please [sign up](https://www.lfasiallc.com/events/contributors-summit-china-2019/register/) to help with the Doc Sprints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both old and new contributors on our Docs Team will spend a day both improving our documentation and translating it into other languages. If you are interested in having better documentation, fully localized into Chinese and other languages, please [sign up](https://www.lfasiallc.com/events/contributors-summit-china-2019/register/) to help with the Doc Sprints.
```

### Before you attend

> Regardless of where you participate, everyone at the Contributor Summit should [sign the Kubernetes CLA](https://git.k8s.io/community/CLA.md#the-contributor-license-agreement) before coming to the conference. You should also bring a laptop suitable for working on documentation or code development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regardless of which you participate, everyone at the Contributor Summit should [sign the Kubernetes CLA](https://git.k8s.io/community/CLA.md#the-contributor-license-agreement) before coming to the conference. You should also bring a laptop suitable for working on documentation or code development.
```

Reviewer 2: My suggestion:
```suggestion
Regardless of where you participate, everyone at the Contributor Summit should [sign the Kubernetes Contributor License Agreement](https://git.k8s.io/community/CLA.md#the-contributor-license-agreement) (CLA) before coming to the conference. You should also bring a laptop suitable for working on documentation or code development.
```
